docker-compose/README.md, before:

## Overview

This is the docker-compose setup to run mimoto which act as BFF for Inji mobile and backend for Inji web. This is not for production use.

## What is in the docker-compose folder?

1. certs folder holds the p12 file which is being created as part of OIDC client onboarding.
2. "config" folder holds the mimoto system properties file, issuer configuration and credential template.
3. "loader_path" this is mimoto mount volume from where all the runtime dependencies are loaded to classpath.
4. "docker-compose.yml" file with mimoto setup.


## How to run this setup?

1. Create loader_path folder in the same directory and Download the kernel auth adapter from [here](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/mosip/kernel/kernel-auth-adapter/1.2.0.1/kernel-auth-adapter-1.2.0.1.jar).  Copy the downloaded jar under loader_path directory.

2. Add Id providers as an issuer in mimoto-issuers-config.json

3. Start esignet services and update esignet host references in mimoto-default.properties and mimoto-issuers-config.json

4. Create certs folder in the same directory and create OIDC client. Add key in oidckeystore.p12 and copy this file under certs folder.
Refer [here](https://docs.mosip.io/inji/inji-mobile-wallet/customization-overview/credential_providers) to create client
* Update client_id and client_alias as per onboarding in mimoto-issuers-config.json file.

5. Start the docker-compose file

> docker-compose up

7. Access Apis as
   * http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/allProperties
   * http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/issuers
   * http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/issuers/Sunbird
   * http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/issuers/Sunbird/credentialTypes


Note:
- Replace mosipbox.public.url, mosip.api.public.url with your public accessible domain. For dev or local env [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/) is recommended.

Commit message:

[INJIWEB-866] : Inji Wellknown endpoint change, kernel auth adapter compile time deps & Read Me Updartes (#464)
* [INJIWEB-723] : Stoplight folder Structuring (#442)

* [INJIWEB-723] : update the folder structure for release 0.14.x

Signed-off-by: Vijay <94220135+vijay151096@users.noreply.github.com>

* [INJIWEB-723] : openapi spec file renaming

Signed-off-by: Vijay <94220135+vijay151096@users.noreply.github.com>

* [INJIWEB-723] : enable the sonar analysis

Signed-off-by: Vijay <94220135+vijay151096@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Signed-off-by: Vijay <94220135+vijay151096@users.noreply.github.com>

* [INJIWEB-866] : ReadMe and Helm related updates

Signed-off-by: Vijay <94220135+vijay151096@users.noreply.github.com>

* [INJIWEB-866] : latest wellknown update changes

Signed-off-by: Vijay <94220135+vijay151096@users.noreply.github.com>

* [INJIWEB-866] : fix failing test cases

Signed-off-by: Vijay <94220135+vijay151096@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Signed-off-by: Vijay <94220135+vijay151096@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Swati Goel <meet2swati@gmail.com>

docker-compose/README.md, after:

## Overview

This is the docker-compose setup to run mimoto which act as BFF for Inji mobile and backend for Inji web. This is not for production use.

## What is in the docker-compose folder?

1. certs folder holds the p12 file which is being created as part of OIDC client onboarding.
2. "config" folder holds the mimoto system properties file, issuer configuration and credential template.
3. "docker-compose.yml" file with mimoto setup.


## How to run this setup?

1. Add Id providers as an issuer in mimoto-issuers-config.json

2. Add verifiers clientId and redirect Uri in mimoto-trusted-verifiers.json for Online Sharing

3. Start esignet services and update esignet host references in mimoto-default.properties and mimoto-issuers-config.json

4. Start the data share services and update data share host references in mimoto-default.properties. data share service helm is available in the [Inji Web Helm](https://github.com/mosip/inji-web/tree/release-0.10.x/helm/inji-web)

5. Create certs folder in the same directory and create OIDC client. Add key in oidckeystore.p12 and copy this file under certs folder.
Refer [here](https://docs.mosip.io/inji/inji-mobile-wallet/customization-overview/credential_providers) to create client
* Update client_id and client_alias as per onboarding in mimoto-issuers-config.json file.

5. Start the docker-compose file

> docker-compose up

7. Access Apis as
   * http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/allProperties
   * http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/issuers
   * http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/issuers/Sunbird
   * http://localhost:8099/v1/mimoto/issuers/Sunbird/well-known-proxy


Note:
- Replace mosipbox.public.url, mosip.api.public.url with your public accessible domain. For dev or local env [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/) is recommended.
